Add ApiDoc integration (#327)
codecentric/chaos-monkey-spring-boot: chaos-monkey-docs/src/main/asciidoc/endpoints.adoc

== Spring Boot Actuator Endpoints ==
Chaos Monkey for Spring Boot offers you some built in endpoints exposed via https://docs.spring.io/spring-boot/docs/current/reference/html/actuator.html#actuator.endpoints[JMX or HTTP]. This allows you to change configuration at runtime.

> https://docs.spring.io/spring-boot/docs/current/reference/html/actuator.html[Spring Boot Actuator] needs to be included in your project dependencies.

Reviewer: This is a friendly hint, that you need Actuator when you want to use Actuator Endpoints right?

I was first a bit worried that all our users needs actuator even when they not use actuator endpoints :D

Author: Yes, exactly. I just added this as a hint, we could mark it as such with a `Hint:` prefix?

Reviewer: I've made an suggestion below. I think Hint: is not needed

> https://docs.spring.io/spring-boot/docs/current/reference/html/actuator.html[Spring Boot Actuator] needs to be included in your project dependencies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
https://docs.spring.io/spring-boot/docs/current/reference/html/actuator.html[Spring Boot Actuator] needs to be included in your project dependencies if you want to use this feature.
```

Do you think this is a better or worser phrase?

|Is Chaos Monkey active or not
|true or false
|===

=== Enable springdoc-openapi integration

> First enable wanted endpoints as shown above. Then include https://springdoc.org/[springdoc-openapi] in your dependencies and configure the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enable wanted endpoints like described in XX(link to Spring Boot Actuator endpoints). Then include https://springdoc.org/[springdoc-openapi] in your dependencies and configure the following:
```
